README.md, before:

# Fetcher

<img title="what a good boy" src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fupload.wikimedia.org%2Fwikipedia%2Fcommons%2Fa%2Fa9%2FBearded_Collie.jpg&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=2a0d91e9f1a93764c1d7093fde17eeaa7cd9653df89b5e0b4d35e9f9ae7d3982&ipo=images" height="250px"></img>

## Chassis Service Client Lib Generator

## About

This program generates client code which handles making network calls to our boom services using your existing client http solution. Writing, and maintaining network calls is a pain. Wether its the backend puts out a new api you need to utilize, or they update a response object, you now have to basically copy their work into your client codebase. There is little thought that goes into these functions most of the time. Most of the time you will look at the endpoint, request schema, and response schema, and implement a basic function wrapping it all up for use across your client. Why not just generate those functions?

### How to use

This section is living, and highly likely to change, but as of now, here is how to use this library.

### Generating Client Libraries

1) Have the open api schema json file you wish to generate from locally installed.
2) Have this repo installed, built, and running.
3) Call `node ./build/src/index.js generate {{PATH_TO_YOUR_SCHEMA}} {{DESTINATION_FOR_LIB}}`

### Using Generated Client Libraries

1) Generate your client library
2) Move the library into your project (either through node_modules, or just copy and pasting).
3) Import the setup function from the library
4) Pass your adapter to the setup function, in return for your initialized client library

## Why Does This Exist

- Writing network calls sucks
- Writing typed network calls sucks even more
- The backend already wrote all the types and such, lets just use it.
- Fullstack Typesaftey lets us move quickly.
- Fullstack Typesaftey lets us catch bugs before they happen.

## Deployed Diagram

Below is a diagram of how you could deploy this application to automatically generate new Client Lib's whenever a backend service is deployed. This application is the "Boom Client Lib Generator"

![Random scribbles of a mad man](./.vscode/typesafe-client-lib-generation.png)


## Tech Used

- Handlebars 
- Mocha 
- Chai
- OpenApi 3.0.0 Specification
- Typescript
- Node

### Development

#### Scripts

- `yarn build` - Build the application
- `yarn dev` - Runs the cli, generating an api lib
- `yarn test` - Run tests
- `yarn clean` - Clean the project

#### Tips

- `todo.md` in the root dir is git ignored if you need a scratch pad

## Open API Spec

https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.0.md

## Notes

We should only type types once if they are provided in the "components" section of the schema.
This way we can also provide more semantic names (assuming the schemas names for components are semantic).

We stopped using fetch internally, we now use adapters which the client can provide so they can use their own http fetching solution. B.Y.O.A (bring your own adapter)

If we could extend the OpenAPI 3.0.0 schema to include things like "invalidates" and "cacheSettings" on operations, we could easily also generate Tanstack Query hooks for all of our network calls as well. Which would be insaneeeeeeeeeeeee. Literally all you would write is UI

Does the backend have tests for their endpoints? If so we could easily test our generated api's by matching their responses.

## Example output

```ts
/*
 *       ___
 *    __/_  `.  .-"""-.
 *    \_,` | \-'  /   )`-')
 *      "") `"`    \  ((`"`
 *     ___Y  ,    .'7 /|
 *    (_,___/...-` (_/_/      FETCHER
 *
 *  Yo this file is auto generated, no touchy.
 */

/* eslint-disable max-lines */
/* eslint-disable sort-keys */

type HTTPMethod = 'get' | 'post' | 'put' | 'patch' | 'update' | 'delete';

type ServiceCallResponse<Response> = {
  data: Response;
  statusCode: number;
};

type ServiceCallAdapter = <Response>(
  url: string,
  method: HTTPMethod,
  body: unknown,
) => Promise<ServiceCallResponse<Response>>;

let adapter: ServiceCallAdapter | null = null;

export const initializeFetcher = (newAdapter: ServiceCallAdapter) => {
  adapter = newAdapter;
};

const generateServiceCall = <
  Request extends {
    body?: Record<string, any>;
    query?: Record<string, any>;
    params?: Record<string, any>;
  } | null,
  Response,
>(
  url: string,
  method: HTTPMethod,
  knownStatusCodes: Array<number>,
) => {
  return async (request: Request) => {
    let finalURL = url;

    if (request?.query) {
      finalURL += `?${Object.entries(request.query)
        .map(([key, value]) => `${key}=${value}`)
        .join('&')}`;
    }

    if (request?.params) {
      Object.entries(request.params).forEach(([key, value]) => {
        finalURL = finalURL.replaceAll(`{${key}}`, value);
      });
    }

    if (!adapter) {
      throw new Error(
        'Please initialize fetcher before attempting to make any network calls',
      );
    }

    const response = await adapter<Response>(finalURL, method, request?.body);

    if (!knownStatusCodes.includes(response.statusCode)) {
      throw new Error('Unexpected error occurred');
    }

    return {
      data: response.data,
      status: response.statusCode,
    };
  };
};

/**
 * @description This is a sample Pet Store Server based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification.  You can find out more about Swagger at [http://swagger.io](http://swagger.io). In the third iteration of the pet store, we've switched to the design first approach! You can now help us improve the API whether it's by making changes to the definition itself or to the code. That way, with time, we can improve the API in general, and expose some of the new features in OAS3. Some useful links: - [The Pet Store repository](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-petstore)- [The source API definition for the Pet Store](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-petstore/blob/master/src/main/resources/openapi.yaml)
 */
const Petstore = {
  pet: {
    put: generateServiceCall<
      {
        body: {
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        };
      },
      {
        id?: number;
        name: string;
        category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
        photoUrls: Array<string>;
        tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
        status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
      } | null
    >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet', 'put', [200, 400, 404, 405]),
    post: generateServiceCall<
      {
        body: {
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        };
      },
      {
        id?: number;
        name: string;
        category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
        photoUrls: Array<string>;
        tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
        status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
      } | null
    >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet', 'post', [200, 405]),
    findByStatus: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
          };
        },
        Array<{
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        }> | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/findByStatus',
        'get',
        [200, 400],
      ),
    },
    findByTags: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            tags?: Array<string>;
          };
        },
        Array<{
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        }> | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/findByTags',
        'get',
        [200, 400],
      ),
    },
    byPetId: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            petId?: number;
          };
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        } | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}',
        'get',
        [200, 400, 404],
      ),
      post: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            name?: string;
            status?: string;
          };
          params: {
            petId?: number;
          };
        },
        null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}', 'post', [405]),
      delete: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            petId?: number;
          };
        },
        null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}', 'delete', [400]),
      uploadImage: {
        post: generateServiceCall<
          {
            query: {
              additionalMetadata?: string;
            };
            params: {
              petId?: number;
            };
          },
          { code?: number; type?: string; message?: string }
        >(
          'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}/uploadImage',
          'post',
          [200],
        ),
      },
    },
  },
  store: {
    inventory: {
      get: generateServiceCall<null, {}>(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/inventory',
        'get',
        [200],
      ),
    },
    order: {
      post: generateServiceCall<
        {
          body: {
            id?: number;
            petId?: number;
            quantity?: number;
            shipDate?: string;
            status?: 'placed' | 'approved' | 'delivered';
            complete?: boolean;
          };
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          petId?: number;
          quantity?: number;
          shipDate?: string;
          status?: 'placed' | 'approved' | 'delivered';
          complete?: boolean;
        } | null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/order', 'post', [200, 405]),
      byOrderId: {
        get: generateServiceCall<
          {
            params: {
              orderId?: number;
            };
          },
          {
            id?: number;
            petId?: number;
            quantity?: number;
            shipDate?: string;
            status?: 'placed' | 'approved' | 'delivered';
            complete?: boolean;
          } | null
        >(
          'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/order/{orderId}',
          'get',
          [200, 400, 404],
        ),
        delete: generateServiceCall<
          {
            params: {
              orderId?: number;
            };
          },
          null
        >(
          'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/order/{orderId}',
          'delete',
          [400, 404],
        ),
      },
    },
  },
  user: {
    post: generateServiceCall<
      {
        body: {
          id?: number;
          username?: string;
          firstName?: string;
          lastName?: string;
          email?: string;
          password?: string;
          phone?: string;
          userStatus?: number;
        };
      },
      {
        id?: number;
        username?: string;
        firstName?: string;
        lastName?: string;
        email?: string;
        password?: string;
        phone?: string;
        userStatus?: number;
      }
    >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user', 'post', [200]),
    createWithList: {
      post: generateServiceCall<
        {
          body: Array<{
            id?: number;
            username?: string;
            firstName?: string;
            lastName?: string;
            email?: string;
            password?: string;
            phone?: string;
            userStatus?: number;
          }>;
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          username?: string;
          firstName?: string;
          lastName?: string;
          email?: string;
          password?: string;
          phone?: string;
          userStatus?: number;
        } | null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/createWithList', 'post', [
        200,
      ]),
    },
    login: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            username?: string;
            password?: string;
          };
        },
        string | null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/login', 'get', [200, 400]),
    },
    logout: {
      get: generateServiceCall<null, null>(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/logout',
        'get',
        [200],
      ),
    },
    byUsername: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            username?: string;
          };
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          username?: string;
          firstName?: string;
          lastName?: string;
          email?: string;
          password?: string;
          phone?: string;
          userStatus?: number;
        } | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/{username}',
        'get',
        [200, 400, 404],
      ),
      put: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            username?: string;
          };
          body: {
            id?: number;
            username?: string;
            firstName?: string;
            lastName?: string;
            email?: string;
            password?: string;
            phone?: string;
            userStatus?: number;
          };
        },
        null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/{username}', 'put', [200]),
      delete: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            username?: string;
          };
        },
        null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/{username}',
        'delete',
        [400, 404],
      ),
    },
  },
};

export default Petstore;
```

Commit message:

chore: add example of initialization to readme

README.md, after:

# Fetcher

<img title="what a good boy" src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fupload.wikimedia.org%2Fwikipedia%2Fcommons%2Fa%2Fa9%2FBearded_Collie.jpg&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=2a0d91e9f1a93764c1d7093fde17eeaa7cd9653df89b5e0b4d35e9f9ae7d3982&ipo=images" height="250px"></img>

## Chassis Service Client Lib Generator

## About

This program generates client code which handles making network calls to our boom services using your existing client http solution. Writing, and maintaining network calls is a pain. Wether its the backend puts out a new api you need to utilize, or they update a response object, you now have to basically copy their work into your client codebase. There is little thought that goes into these functions most of the time. Most of the time you will look at the endpoint, request schema, and response schema, and implement a basic function wrapping it all up for use across your client. Why not just generate those functions?

### How to use

This section is living, and highly likely to change, but as of now, here is how to use this library.

### Generating Client Libraries

1. Have the open api schema json file you wish to generate from locally installed.
2. Have this repo installed, built, and running.
3. Call `node ./build/src/index.js generate {{PATH_TO_YOUR_SCHEMA}} {{DESTINATION_FOR_LIB}}`

### Using Generated Client Libraries

1. Generate your client library
2. Move the library into your project (either through node_modules, or just copy and pasting).
3. Import the setup function from the library
4. Pass your adapter to the setup function, in return for your initialized client library

#### Example of initializing a client library, and calling a network call

```ts
const Petstore = initializePetstore(async (url, method, body) => {
  // You don't have to use fetch here, you could use axios, you could use local storage, whatever.
  const response = await fetch(url, {
    method: method,
    body: body ? JSON.stringify(body) : null,
  });
  const data = await response.json();
  return { data: data, statusCode: response.status };
});

const order = Petstore.store.order.byOrderId.get({ params: { orderId: 0 } })
```

## Why Does This Exist

- Writing network calls sucks
- Writing typed network calls sucks even more
- The backend already wrote all the types and such, lets just use it.
- Fullstack Typesaftey lets us move quickly.
- Fullstack Typesaftey lets us catch bugs before they happen.

## Deployed Diagram

Below is a diagram of how you could deploy this application to automatically generate new Client Lib's whenever a backend service is deployed. This application is the "Boom Client Lib Generator"

![Random scribbles of a mad man](./.vscode/typesafe-client-lib-generation.png)

## Tech Used

- Handlebars
- Mocha
- Chai
- OpenApi 3.0.0 Specification
- Typescript
- Node

### Development

#### Scripts

- `yarn build` - Build the application
- `yarn dev` - Runs the cli, generating an api lib
- `yarn test` - Run tests
- `yarn clean` - Clean the project

#### Tips

- `todo.md` in the root dir is git ignored if you need a scratch pad

## Open API Spec

https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.0.md

## Notes

We should only type types once if they are provided in the "components" section of the schema.
This way we can also provide more semantic names (assuming the schemas names for components are semantic).

We stopped using fetch internally, we now use adapters which the client can provide so they can use their own http fetching solution. B.Y.O.A (bring your own adapter)

If we could extend the OpenAPI 3.0.0 schema to include things like "invalidates" and "cacheSettings" on operations, we could easily also generate Tanstack Query hooks for all of our network calls as well. Which would be insaneeeeeeeeeeeee. Literally all you would write is UI

Does the backend have tests for their endpoints? If so we could easily test our generated api's by matching their responses.

## Example output

```ts
/*
 *       ___
 *    __/_  `.  .-"""-.
 *    \_,` | \-'  /   )`-')
 *      "") `"`    \  ((`"`
 *     ___Y  ,    .'7 /|
 *    (_,___/...-` (_/_/      FETCHER
 *
 *  Yo this file is auto generated, no touchy.
 */

/* eslint-disable max-lines */
/* eslint-disable sort-keys */

type HTTPMethod = 'get' | 'post' | 'put' | 'patch' | 'update' | 'delete';

type ServiceCallResponse<Response> = {
  data: Response;
  statusCode: number;
};

type ServiceCallAdapter = <Response>(
  url: string,
  method: HTTPMethod,
  body: unknown,
) => Promise<ServiceCallResponse<Response>>;

let adapter: ServiceCallAdapter | null = null;

export const initializeFetcher = (newAdapter: ServiceCallAdapter) => {
  adapter = newAdapter;
};

const generateServiceCall = <
  Request extends {
    body?: Record<string, any>;
    query?: Record<string, any>;
    params?: Record<string, any>;
  } | null,
  Response,
>(
  url: string,
  method: HTTPMethod,
  knownStatusCodes: Array<number>,
) => {
  return async (request: Request) => {
    let finalURL = url;

    if (request?.query) {
      finalURL += `?${Object.entries(request.query)
        .map(([key, value]) => `${key}=${value}`)
        .join('&')}`;
    }

    if (request?.params) {
      Object.entries(request.params).forEach(([key, value]) => {
        finalURL = finalURL.replaceAll(`{${key}}`, value);
      });
    }

    if (!adapter) {
      throw new Error(
        'Please initialize fetcher before attempting to make any network calls',
      );
    }

    const response = await adapter<Response>(finalURL, method, request?.body);

    if (!knownStatusCodes.includes(response.statusCode)) {
      throw new Error('Unexpected error occurred');
    }

    return {
      data: response.data,
      status: response.statusCode,
    };
  };
};

/**
 * @description This is a sample Pet Store Server based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification.  You can find out more about Swagger at [http://swagger.io](http://swagger.io). In the third iteration of the pet store, we've switched to the design first approach! You can now help us improve the API whether it's by making changes to the definition itself or to the code. That way, with time, we can improve the API in general, and expose some of the new features in OAS3. Some useful links: - [The Pet Store repository](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-petstore)- [The source API definition for the Pet Store](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-petstore/blob/master/src/main/resources/openapi.yaml)
 */
const Petstore = {
  pet: {
    put: generateServiceCall<
      {
        body: {
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        };
      },
      {
        id?: number;
        name: string;
        category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
        photoUrls: Array<string>;
        tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
        status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
      } | null
    >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet', 'put', [200, 400, 404, 405]),
    post: generateServiceCall<
      {
        body: {
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        };
      },
      {
        id?: number;
        name: string;
        category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
        photoUrls: Array<string>;
        tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
        status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
      } | null
    >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet', 'post', [200, 405]),
    findByStatus: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
          };
        },
        Array<{
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        }> | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/findByStatus',
        'get',
        [200, 400],
      ),
    },
    findByTags: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            tags?: Array<string>;
          };
        },
        Array<{
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        }> | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/findByTags',
        'get',
        [200, 400],
      ),
    },
    byPetId: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            petId?: number;
          };
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          name: string;
          category?: { id?: number; name?: string };
          photoUrls: Array<string>;
          tags?: Array<{ id?: number; name?: string }>;
          status?: 'available' | 'pending' | 'sold';
        } | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}',
        'get',
        [200, 400, 404],
      ),
      post: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            name?: string;
            status?: string;
          };
          params: {
            petId?: number;
          };
        },
        null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}', 'post', [405]),
      delete: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            petId?: number;
          };
        },
        null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}', 'delete', [400]),
      uploadImage: {
        post: generateServiceCall<
          {
            query: {
              additionalMetadata?: string;
            };
            params: {
              petId?: number;
            };
          },
          { code?: number; type?: string; message?: string }
        >(
          'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/pet/{petId}/uploadImage',
          'post',
          [200],
        ),
      },
    },
  },
  store: {
    inventory: {
      get: generateServiceCall<null, {}>(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/inventory',
        'get',
        [200],
      ),
    },
    order: {
      post: generateServiceCall<
        {
          body: {
            id?: number;
            petId?: number;
            quantity?: number;
            shipDate?: string;
            status?: 'placed' | 'approved' | 'delivered';
            complete?: boolean;
          };
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          petId?: number;
          quantity?: number;
          shipDate?: string;
          status?: 'placed' | 'approved' | 'delivered';
          complete?: boolean;
        } | null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/order', 'post', [200, 405]),
      byOrderId: {
        get: generateServiceCall<
          {
            params: {
              orderId?: number;
            };
          },
          {
            id?: number;
            petId?: number;
            quantity?: number;
            shipDate?: string;
            status?: 'placed' | 'approved' | 'delivered';
            complete?: boolean;
          } | null
        >(
          'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/order/{orderId}',
          'get',
          [200, 400, 404],
        ),
        delete: generateServiceCall<
          {
            params: {
              orderId?: number;
            };
          },
          null
        >(
          'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/store/order/{orderId}',
          'delete',
          [400, 404],
        ),
      },
    },
  },
  user: {
    post: generateServiceCall<
      {
        body: {
          id?: number;
          username?: string;
          firstName?: string;
          lastName?: string;
          email?: string;
          password?: string;
          phone?: string;
          userStatus?: number;
        };
      },
      {
        id?: number;
        username?: string;
        firstName?: string;
        lastName?: string;
        email?: string;
        password?: string;
        phone?: string;
        userStatus?: number;
      }
    >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user', 'post', [200]),
    createWithList: {
      post: generateServiceCall<
        {
          body: Array<{
            id?: number;
            username?: string;
            firstName?: string;
            lastName?: string;
            email?: string;
            password?: string;
            phone?: string;
            userStatus?: number;
          }>;
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          username?: string;
          firstName?: string;
          lastName?: string;
          email?: string;
          password?: string;
          phone?: string;
          userStatus?: number;
        } | null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/createWithList', 'post', [
        200,
      ]),
    },
    login: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          query: {
            username?: string;
            password?: string;
          };
        },
        string | null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/login', 'get', [200, 400]),
    },
    logout: {
      get: generateServiceCall<null, null>(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/logout',
        'get',
        [200],
      ),
    },
    byUsername: {
      get: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            username?: string;
          };
        },
        {
          id?: number;
          username?: string;
          firstName?: string;
          lastName?: string;
          email?: string;
          password?: string;
          phone?: string;
          userStatus?: number;
        } | null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/{username}',
        'get',
        [200, 400, 404],
      ),
      put: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            username?: string;
          };
          body: {
            id?: number;
            username?: string;
            firstName?: string;
            lastName?: string;
            email?: string;
            password?: string;
            phone?: string;
            userStatus?: number;
          };
        },
        null
      >('https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/{username}', 'put', [200]),
      delete: generateServiceCall<
        {
          params: {
            username?: string;
          };
        },
        null
      >(
        'https://petstore3.swagger.io/api/v3/user/{username}',
        'delete',
        [400, 404],
      ),
    },
  },
};

export default Petstore;
```
